README.md, before:

# swiftup: the Swift toolchain installer

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mominul/swiftup.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mominul/swiftup)

**swiftup** allows you to easily install, and switch between multiple versions of [Swift](https://swift.org/).

This project is Swift version of [swiftenv](https://github.com/kylef/swiftenv).

## Installation
swiftup can be easily installed by running it in your shell:
```bash
eval "$(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mominul/swiftup/master/install.sh)"
```
**Currently only Ubuntu is supported**

### Commands
#### install
To install a specific release of Swift, you can easily install it by specifying the version:
```
swiftup install 3.0.2
```
Now swiftup will install the 3.0.2 version of Swift.

To install the latest [**snapshot**](https://swift.org/download/#snapshots) version of Swift:
```
swiftup install snapshot
```

You can also install a specific version of snapshot by passing its download URL directly to swiftup install.
```
swiftup install https://swift.org/builds/development/ubuntu1610/swift-DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-02-01-a/swift-DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-02-01-a-ubuntu16.10.tar.gz
```

You can also create a `.swift-version` file and specify your version there. After that you can then install that version by:
```
swiftup install default
```  

#### show
It will show all the installed toolchains.

#### global
It will set the global toolchain version.

```
$ swiftup show
DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-01-05-a
3.0.2-RELEASE
DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-01-18-a

$ swiftup global 3.0.2-RELEASE
```

#### which
It will display which binary will be run for a given command.

Commit message:

Show currently selected toolchain in show command

README.md, after:

# swiftup: the Swift toolchain installer

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mominul/swiftup.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mominul/swiftup)

**swiftup** allows you to easily install, and switch between multiple versions of [Swift](https://swift.org/).

This project is Swift version of [swiftenv](https://github.com/kylef/swiftenv).

## Installation
swiftup can be easily installed by running it in your shell:
```bash
eval "$(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mominul/swiftup/master/install.sh)"
```
**Currently only Ubuntu is supported**

### Commands
#### install
To install a specific release of Swift, you can easily install it by specifying the version:
```
$ swiftup install 3.0.2
```
Now swiftup will install the 3.0.2 version of Swift.

To install the latest [**snapshot**](https://swift.org/download/#snapshots) version of Swift:
```
$ swiftup install snapshot
```

You can also install a specific version of snapshot by passing its download URL directly to `swiftup install`.
```
$ swiftup install https://swift.org/builds/development/ubuntu1610/swift-DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-02-01-a/swift-DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-02-01-a-ubuntu16.10.tar.gz
```

You can also create a `.swift-version` file and specify your version there. After that you can then install that version by:
```
$ swiftup install default
```  

#### show
Lists all installed Swift versions, showing an asterisk next to the currently active version.

```
$ swiftup show
* 3.1.1-RELEASE
  DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-07-30-a

* - Version currently in use
```

#### global
It will set the global toolchain version.

```
$ swiftup show
* 3.1.1-RELEASE
  DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-07-30-a

* - Version currently in use

$ swiftup global DEVELOPMENT-SNAPSHOT-2017-07-30-a
```

#### which
It will display which binary will be run for a given command.
